---
title: Don't trust your Content Security Policy
description: Why the CSP most sites have is useless.
slug: csp
authors:
- name: Forrest Allison
  title: Developer at LunaSec
  url: https://github.com/factoidforrest
  image_url: https://github.com/factoidforrest.png
  tags: [ci, github-actions, docker.sock]
---
<!--
  ~ Copyright by LunaSec (owned by Refinery Labs, Inc)
  ~
  ~ Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
  ~ (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the
  ~ License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~
  ~ https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode
  ~
  ~ See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ limitations under the License.
  ~
-->

The Content Security Policy (CSP) is a response header or `<meta>` tag set by the server when a webpage first loads.  It controls 
what the page is allowed to load and, most importantly, from _where_.  The idea is to act as a last-line-of-defense against
 loading something malicious onto your page.  

If you've never seen one before, they're actually pretty simple.

```text title="Example small CSP"
Content-Security-Policy: 
    default-src 'self'; 
    script-src 'self' www.google.com;
```

<sub>For a more complete overview of CSP directives and values, this is a <a href="https://www.arridae.com/blogs/bypass-csp.php">great article</a>.</sub>  



The CSP above will make it so that your page can only load any content from your domain, with the exception that scripts can also load from
Google. It's pretty common to include a few additional domains (like Google) in here that you need to load things from,
such as analytics or some third-party auth scripts.  

That CSP also means that inline scripts like `<script> alert('Hi I'm a script') <script>` won't be executed, which is great for security.

So, if we trust our server and Google's server not to do something malicious, we would expect to be safe.  

Unfortunately, this CSP is still totally insecure, because:

## CSP is swiss cheese
Studies have found that the vast majority of sites using CSPs are still vulnerable to script injection.  Here are some of the most common attacks.
### JSONP Bypass
JSONP is a hacky way to load cross domain javascript in the browser from the mid 2000's, that has since been replaced by CORS.  More of a pattern than a protocol, 
the requester is able to tell the server to wrap whatever javascript it sends back in whatever snippet you pass as a URL parameter.

So this script tag:
```html
<script src="https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/revoke?callback=alert('This is a malicious alert')"></script>
```
Will return this:
```javascript
// API callback
alert('This is a malicious alert')({
  // ...googles intended payload
}
);
```

Go ahead and try [the url from that script](<https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/revoke?callback=alert('This is a malicious alert')>) in your browser.
You'll quickly see the problem.  Now an attacker that can embed HTML in your page has
the ability to execute whatever javascript they want. Any un-sanitized field that leaks HTML into your page is now an immediate vulnerability.

There a great number of these vulnerable legacy endpoints, not just on googles domains but across the web.  
Here is a list of [just some of them](https://github.com/zigoo0/JSONBee/blob/master/jsonp.txt).

Because this isn't a specific protocol but just a serverside (anti)pattern, there's no way for the browser
to detect this behavior and disable it.  The only solution is to not allow scripts to load from any vulnerable domain, and 
to host them yourself instead.

 **The bigger your website, the harder this is to deal with.**

If you have a small site and immediate control over the codebase, this could be an easy problem to patch.

For large sites at big companies that load analytics payloads, third party auth, and other scripts from these vulnerable domains, it can be 
difficult to mitigate.  Heck, a lot of big companies have legacy JSONP endpoints on the _same domain as the site._  There's not much you can do about that.

### File Upload Bypass
Let's say your CSP is locked to only allow scripts from your domain.  

If your site allows file uploads and downloads, including files that end in `.js`, a user can simply upload a file `malicious-code.js`,
and load it as a script tag, directly from your domain. 

```html
<script src=www.yourdomain.com/myfiles/malicious-code.js></script>
```

You have to be very careful about what your users can upload.  

### Other vulnerabilities
These are just a few of the potential ways to bypass the CSP's protections.
The list [goes on](https://book.hacktricks.xyz/pentesting-web/content-security-policy-csp-bypass).

For large sites, there may be just too many chinks in the armor to treat the CSP as a functional line of defence, and many big sites have disabled it entirely. 
[This paper](https://research.google/pubs/pub45542/) found that of those that use it **over 94% of sites have ineffective CSPs!**  

Long story short, there's a good chance your CSP isn't doing much to protect your site from XSS.

## How LunaSec and other tools use CSP effectively
LunaSec is an Open Source security product we wrote, designed to help unhardened web-apps handle sensitive data.  

The core of its frontend security is that it 
embeds sensitive form elements [inside an iFrame](https://www.lunasec.io/docs/pages/how-it-works/secure-components/), on a different domain than the main site.
This is very similar to how payment processors like Stripe embed an iFrame to collect payment information, just more generic.  

LunaSec and frameworks like it embed a tiny, stripped down, domain specific webpage that does one thing, totally focused on security.
Because it's on a different domain, (in LunaSec's case, usually a subdomain you own) the main site can be vulnerable to the above issues without 
exposing the sensitive data to XSS.  

Separating out the security concerns into a separate domain is one of the few ways for large sites to employ a CSP that actually
works as a last line of defence.  Thanks for reading.  

